README.md, before:

# Flat Earth Debate Game

An educational game where players use scientific reasoning to convince an AI that the Earth is round. This game helps develop critical thinking and argumentation skills while learning about scientific evidence.

## Features

- Interactive debate system with AI responses
- Multiple categories of scientific evidence
- Dynamic scoring system
- Progressive difficulty as the AI adapts to arguments
- Hint system for new players

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/flat-earth-debate.git
cd flat-earth-debate
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

Run the game:
```bash
python -m flat_earth_game.game
```

## How to Play

1. Present scientific arguments to convince the AI that the Earth is round
2. Use different types of evidence:
   - Satellite imagery (15 points)
   - Gravitational effects (20 points)
   - Earth's curvature observations (25 points)
   - Time zones and day/night cycles (20 points)
   - Global circumnavigation (20 points)

3. Respond to the AI's rebuttals
4. Achieve a credibility score of 100 to win

## Example Arguments

- "Satellites have taken thousands of photos showing Earth is round"
- "Ships disappear bottom-first when they sail away, proving Earth's curvature"
- "Different time zones can only exist on a spherical Earth"
- "Gravity pulls everything toward Earth's center equally"
- "People have successfully circumnavigated the globe"

## Development

Run tests:
```bash
python -m unittest discover flat_earth_game/tests
```

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/improvement`)
3. Make changes and commit (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/improvement`)
5. Create a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Added Solana integration for payments and rewards

README.md, after:

# Flat Earth Debate Game

An educational game where players use scientific reasoning to convince an AI that the Earth is round. This game helps develop critical thinking and argumentation skills while learning about scientific evidence. Features Solana blockchain integration for payments and token rewards!

## Features

- Interactive debate system with AI responses
- Multiple categories of scientific evidence
- Dynamic scoring system
- Progressive difficulty as the AI adapts to arguments
- Hint system for new players
- Solana blockchain integration
  - 0.1 SOL entry fee
  - Token rewards for winning
  - Automated payment verification
  - Score-based reward calculation

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/flat-earth-debate.git
cd flat-earth-debate
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

Run the game:
```bash
python -m flat_earth_game.game
```

## How to Play

1. Present scientific arguments to convince the AI that the Earth is round
2. Use different types of evidence:
   - Satellite imagery (15 points)
   - Gravitational effects (20 points)
   - Earth's curvature observations (25 points)
   - Time zones and day/night cycles (20 points)
   - Global circumnavigation (20 points)

3. Respond to the AI's rebuttals
4. Achieve a credibility score of 100 to win

## Example Arguments

- "Satellites have taken thousands of photos showing Earth is round"
- "Ships disappear bottom-first when they sail away, proving Earth's curvature"
- "Different time zones can only exist on a spherical Earth"
- "Gravity pulls everything toward Earth's center equally"
- "People have successfully circumnavigated the globe"

## Development

Run tests:
```bash
python -m unittest discover flat_earth_game/tests
```

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/improvement`)
3. Make changes and commit (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/improvement`)
5. Create a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
